[Music]
hey thanks for clicking on me if you've
never toyed around with Google Earth
weather for fun or strictly educational
purposes then you've been missing out
haha
so you're the one there are so many cool
and bizarre things you can see from
satellite images that you're probably
wouldn't catch if he didn't have a
bird's eye view famous sights weird
symbols Batman's secret hideout wait
what yeah you heard right keep watching
for that and more all right here we go
number one airplane graveyard in Tucson
Arizona you ever wonder what happens
when airplanes get pulled out of use
well they have to go somewhere right
would you have guessed that there are
actual cemeteries for them they don't
get buried like people or anything
aircraft no longer in use just get sent
to a special storage facility where
they're left until their parts can be
salvaged or reused later on and the
airplane graveyard in Tucson Arizona is
by far the largest in the world if you
can easily see it from space that says a
lot
number two overgrown shipwrecked in
Sydney Australia the SS Eyre field in
Sydney's Homebush Bay is a reminder that
this place used to be a major trading
port it was built in 1911 and managed to
survive its days as a supply ship during
the Second World War but in the end it
was decommissioned and left abandoned in
the port curiously enough nature took
the freighter under its wing and the old
rusty ship is now home to dozens of
bushy trees that can even be seen from
satellite number three Island in a lake
on an island in a lake northern Canada
Canada's Victoria Island lives within a
lake and there's a lake on Victoria
Island with another Island on it feeling
confused yet it should be because that's
exactly what the situation is I'm kind
of dizzy now
number four the Badlands Guardian in
Alberta Canada do you see a human face
in the lay of these lands you most
certainly do because there is one but
the thing is it's not human made the
head of the Badlands Guardian is a
natural earth formation or at least
scientists say so gives a whole new
meaning to the hills have eyes number
five Osment and Whitehorse in Sutton
Points UK no this isn't land art it's an
early 19th century sculpture carved into
the white chalk of the hillside the act
of cutting white horses out of Hills
actually has its own specific name Luca
pata may well now you know number six
potash ponds in Moab Utah the last thing
you'd expect to see and the yellowish
red landscapes of Utah is a bright blue
spot that instantly catches your eye
these are actually potash ponds and they
do look surreal to say the least number
seven the WAMP Oh a boat shaped shopping
center in Kowloon Hong Kong looking at
this place from above you might start
thinking what a giant tsunami it must
have been to throw such a large ship so
far sure worry not though it's just a
shopping center in Hong Kong
it is however kind of a local hotspot so
if you happen to find yourself in
Kowloon be sure to visit this boat
number eight a Big Friendly Giant in the
Akama desert Chile Chile and Peru are
famous for their Geographic more than a
thousand years
this particular giant is a sight to
behold indeed it's the largest
human-like figure in the world
scientists believe it was a drawing of
some deity of that time looks kind of
like a hat person to me number nine
hippo pool in Tanzania ever wonder what
a pool full of hippos looks like well
here you go Google Earth is actually
full of little treats like this showing
different animals photographed from
but these hippos do look adorable when
they're so tiny like little hippo beans
just don't get too close up number 10
the desert lips in Sudan
here's another totally natural formation
that looks like it was made by humans
this time it's a pair of lips right in
the desert some have called this
phenomenon the smiling earth probably
too small in proportion to the overall
size of our planet but still pretty cool
number 11 the Batman symbol in Okinawa
Japan the big secret is finally revealed
Batman lives in Japan who would have
thought that Bruce Wayne would wander so
far from his dear Gotham hey who said
the Dark Knight can't have some
properties abroad
number 12 otherworldly art in Egypt what
looks like something you'd see in some
alien conspiracy documentary is in fact
just an art installation made in 1997
the three artists called their work
desert breath and is actually still
visible although it's been pretty badly
damaged by weather conditions number 13
the coca-cola logo in Chile Chilean
coca-cola marketing experts took 70,000
empty coke bottles to write the
company's logo in the side of a hill and
yes as the world's largest of its kind
it is visible from space in fact it's
part of a bigger trend called map vert
izing where different companies do
similar stuff they lay out their logos
or trademarks on the ground creating
huge images that are easily seen from
satellite well go big or go home I guess
number 14 the white lion in whipsnade UK
no it's not an ancient geoglyphs not
unless you count 1933 is ancient history
well maybe to some but this thing sure
looks impressive the white line also
serves a practical purpose its head
points to the position of the whipsnade
National Park fun fact the lion is home
to cavies and Wallabies that jump all
it's potty so much for a fear Savannah
hunter huh
number 15 a giant target in Nevada there
had been many rumors about the origins
and purpose of this huge concrete
structure found in the Nevada desert
with some believing it was a marking for
a secret military base
the most recent theory though suggests
that there are several such markings all
over the US and their relics of the
1950s and 60s when these targets were
used as calibration marks for aerial
photos hmm kind of makes sense number 16
the world's biggest fingerprint in
Sussex UK looking at this you can't help
but wonder if some giant took its finger
and poked the planet right on this spot
all jokes aside this particular
structure is a maze located in home park
in the UK so if you want to trace
someone's fingerprint with your own feet
mind you this is the place to go number
17 the Marigny mine in Siberia Russia
the Mira mine is a human-made
construction or I guess deconstruction
that's impressive to look at from above
it's one of the largest artificial holes
in the world made to dig out diamonds
Siberia is well known for its diamond
deposits so it's only natural that such
a huge mind should be excavated here
nothing mysterious just a sincere Wow
from above and while we're on the
subject of holes number 18 graffiti in a
volcanic crater mexico ever wanted your
signature to be seen from space well it
seems you can make your dream come true
in this magical crater Google Earth
shows every piece of graffiti in this
crater in detail which means you can
actually see them all from a bird's eye
view in case you're wondering this site
is located in Sierra Preto Baja
California Mexico by the way the huge
bird image isn't any form of ancient
land art vandalized by tourists it's
also quite a recent development perhaps
someone just decided to make the hole
see more art
so bright siders have you ever found
anything unusual funny or mysterious in
your map searches leave them in the
comments below and remember to give this
video a like share it with your friends
and click subscribe to always stay on
the bright side of life
[Music]
[Applause]